[doc] better document without persisting usage (#27)
zenstruck/foundry: README.md

// has the same API as ModelFactory's
$factory->create(['field' => 'value']);
$factory->createMany(5, ['field' => 'value']);
$factory->instantiateWith(function () {});
$factory->beforeInstantiate(function () {});
$factory->afterInstantiate(function () {});
$factory->afterPersist(function () {});

// convenience functions
$entity = create(OtherEntity::class, ['field' => 'value']);
$entities = create_many(OtherEntity::class, 5, ['field' => 'value']);
```

### Without Persisting

> Factories can be created without persisting the entity. This can be useful for Unit tests where you just want to test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Factories can also created objects without persisting the,. This can be useful for Unit tests where you just want to test
```
